Add documentation for new content-type negotiation (#7280)
cakephp/docs: en/appendices/4-4-migration-guide.rst

New Features
============

Controller
----------

> * ``Controller::viewClasses()`` was added. This method can be implemented by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``Controller::viewClasses()`` was added. This method should be implemented by
```

  controllers that need to perform content-type negotiation. View classes will

>   need to implement the static ``contentType()`` method to be used in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  need to implement the static method ``contentType()`` to participate in
```
